crackberry com everybody came here for
crackberry com we're at CES 2012 in Las
Vegas I am joined again by Jeff GAD way
of research in motion we took a good
look at native email and pim on the
playbook and now Jeff you're going to
walk us through basically what you can
do if you want to play book and a
blackberry smartphone yeah we've been
putting a lot of work into helping users
get more out of using their blackberry
tablet and smartphone together right and
when you bring those two devices
together you kind of get this one plus
one equals three effect and and there's
a couple of really neat features that
I'd love to show you right now let's do
it first is something that we're calling
open on playbook and and the way I use
this is when i receive saying email for
example with an attachment or with a web
link in this case i get this this email
it's got you know a note saying you know
check out this site and this is a site
you know I want to browse on my plate
because of the great browser in the
larger screen so calm good side yeah you
know it's all right so I hit the menu
key and I can just say open link on GAD
way and that's the name of given my
playbook right so by clicking that it
launches the browser and it's going to
take me to that site automatically now
this open on functionality works for a
variety of different file formats so it
works for for videos for pictures for
docs to go attachments it also works for
emails so you know there's a number of
different scenarios in which you can see
yourself receiving an email and checking
it on your smartphone and wanting to
access or edit that content on the
playbook awesome yeah so now that I'm on
this site let's pretend for a second
I've got my playbook hooked into my HDTV
through hdmi and start sitting on the
couch I want to be able to navigate that
site so I can go into the bridge menu
here right I'll bring this a little
closer and I can hit the menu key and I
can enable remote control oh so now what
I've got is the ability to yeah thanks
for bringing that on
I'll do it I'm sorry I'm sorry I've got
the ability to use my smartphone
touchscreen or trackpad to control a
cursor on the on the device I can even
use two finger oh right so I mean think
about all the different ways you can use
your smart phone as a remote control for
your tablet especially when you've got
to plugged in to hdmi you could use it
to to play or pause movies you could use
it even as a powerpoint presenter here
with docs to go put it into presenter
mode and use the forward and back keys
to advance your slides while this is all
set to a a TV or a projector across the
room awesome you've also got full
support for the bezel bezel gestures
here so you can go through and you can
you know close out close out an
application so I'm going to continue
using the smart phone here to navigate
down to docs to go and show you kind of
the last piece of this remote control
that I think our users are going to be
really excited about you know it's no
surprise that you know people recognize
blackberry is having some of the best
QWERTY keyboards the best QWERTY
keyboards on the market now know that
when you're a big proponent of the
blackberry keyboard and so now you can
use the blackberry keyboard with
blackberry bridge and the remote control
feature to actually input on to the
PlayBook so here so you can get try and
getting both in the same shot so I can
say hey Kevin whoops I'm typing sorry
i'm typing this note on my BB present
god you know so i'm trying to spell
something wrong here you've even got
like um oops I guess I hate back but
you've got the ability to get auto
correct or in this case it's using the
smart phones autocorrect not yeah it
looks that's right that's right very
cool so again you know those shortcuts
that blackberry users know and love
being able to double tap the spit at the
spacebar to insert a space and then a
capital but you know this is great for
if you're editing a document or typing a
long email or even you know in the
scenario with that remote control right
where you are connected to a TV across
the room and you want to
a website URL or something like that
you've got the ability to you know
remote control your PlayBook using your
blackberry smartphone and black progress
I can't wait to be doing like 80 words a
minute on my Bold 9900 right I just need
that bridge app you think I could grab a
copy today it's coming in fuzzy one
favorite coat rack the software is
looking really good and we're excited to
bring it to to any any user of a
blackberry playbook it's going to be
available as a free software update and
available on on all new playbook
starting pretty right perfect so if a
playbook you can grab one on sale grab
it is what you're saying perfect thanks
a lot appreciate it wait wait in case
you're wondering if if like auto text
works that has saved into your
blackberry smartphone on your bridge
playbook Jeff show us okay so i've got
an auto text set up for when i'm in the
car i can just hit PCM hot pretty cool
pretty awesome thank you thanks
you